Align haptic feedback keycode names (#18964)
qmk/qmk_firmware: docs/feature_haptic_feedback.md

Not all keycodes below will work depending on which haptic mechanism you have chosen.

| Key                         | Aliases | Description                                           |
|-----------------------------|---------|-------------------------------------------------------|
|`QK_HAPTIC_ON`               |`HF_ON`  | Turn haptic feedback on                               |
|`QK_HAPTIC_OFF`              |`HF_OFF` | Turn haptic feedback off                              |
|`QK_HAPTIC_TOGGLE`           |`HF_TOGG`| Toggle haptic feedback on/off                         |
|`QK_HAPTIC_RESET`            |`HF_RST` | Reset haptic feedback config to default               |

> |`QK_HAPTIC_FEEDBACK_TOGGLE`  |`HF_FBK` | Toggle feedback to occur on keypress, release or both |
> |`QK_HAPTIC_BUZZ_TOGGLE`      |`HF_BUZZ`| Toggle solenoid buzz on/off                           |
> |`QK_HAPTIC_MODE_NEXT`        |`HF_MOD` | Go to next DRV2605L waveform                          |
> |`QK_HAPTIC_MODE_PREVIOUS`    |`HF_RMOD`| Go to previous DRV2605L waveform                      |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|`QK_HAPTIC_FEEDBACK_TOGGLE`  |`HF_FDBK`| Toggle feedback to occur on keypress, release or both |
|`QK_HAPTIC_BUZZ_TOGGLE`      |`HF_BUZZ`| Toggle solenoid buzz on/off                           |
|`QK_HAPTIC_MODE_NEXT`        |`HF_NEXT`| Go to next DRV2605L waveform                          |
|`QK_HAPTIC_MODE_PREVIOUS`    |`HF_PREV`| Go to previous DRV2605L waveform                      |
```
